
---
layout: post
title: Man Stew
tags: as
---


Man Stew is for those days when you would like to be super cosy and super full. 
It can be consumed by any sex and gender and the name only refers to the experience it provides: 
evokative of those "building my own bass amp" vibes only dirty sweater man can radiate. 

Ingredients
-------------
```
- Beef
- Bacon bits
- White onion
- Button mushroom
- Carrott
- Celery stick
- Pepper
- Tomato
- Tomato paste
- Paprika powder
- Dark chocolate
- Stout
- Green peas
- Potato
```

Method
------------

### Brown the beef

It all starts with browning the beef in a pot. 
Do not over-crowd the pot is the motto of this stage.
Brown the beef in small batches so that each little beef cube becomes perfectly golden. 
You will notice that the pot slowly develops this wonderful brown sludge on the bottom usually referred to as "fond".

### Brown the vegetables

When all the beef is done it is time to add the vegetables to the same pot and just give it to them hard in the fond.
Start by browning the mushrooms, then add the carrotts and onions. When all this stuff is sweating ballz and almost getting
charred, but not there yet add the beef back and stir it in. 

### Spicing it up
Remove it from the fire and add the paprika powder. 
Mix it in well very well and put it back on the fire. Now make a small space in the middle of the pot and add the tomato paste.
It is important to cook the tomato paste kinda rough on the direct heat to cook out its raw flavor and get some early caramelization
going. When you feel like its fine stir everything in together. So now you have some intense base going on with the vegetables
cooked in the fond with the meat added back in the mix with paprika powder and tomato paste, you welcome. 

### Add root vegies
Now its the time to add some of the more light hearted ingredients. First throw in the celery. When its soft throw in very coarsely chopped
carrotts and potatoes. Stir them in, lower the heat and add the stout.
You have some time now to give some passionate spanking to your loved one until all the ingredients become soft and wonderful. 


### Peas and darkness
When the meat, potatoes and carrotts are perfectly soft its time to add the green peas. While the green peas are cooking we will
do something strange. 
Take a small sauce pan and cook down some bacon bits. Deglaze with stout and when the stout is boling add a bit of dark chocolate.
Let it reduce into this weird syrupy dark fatty bitter goodness and stir it into the stew.


Now you just cook it until it looks good and eat it like the fat f%ck you are!
